RD-3069 Update documentation for Blueprint flow changes (#1959)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/working_with/console/widgets/blueprints.md

#### Uploading a Blueprint

##### Using marketplace

1. Click the **Upload** button.

> 2. In the menu select **Upload from Marketplace** option.
> 3. In the Blueprint marketplace dialog click **Upload** button on one of blueprint from the catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the menu, select **Upload from Marketplace** option.
3. In the Blueprint marketplace dialog, click **Upload** button on one of the blueprints shown in a table.
```
as we are showing examples in table view right now.

The default visibility is "Tenant", and according to the logged-in user's permissions you can also choose other levels of [resource visibilities]({{< relref "working_with/manager/resource-visibility.md" >}}).<br>
6. Click **Upload**.

> ##### Using composer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Using {{< param cfy_composer_name >}}
```

> 1. Click the **Upload** button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Upload** button.
```

2. In the menu click **Generate in the Composer** option.

> 3. Creator will be opened in the new card and there you can create blueprint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. {{< param cfy_composer_name >}} will be opened in a new tab and there you can create blueprint.
```

* `Refresh time interval` - The time interval in which the widget’s data will be refreshed, in seconds. Default: 10 seconds
* `Enable click to drill down` - This option enables redirecting to the blueprint’s drill-down page upon clicking on a specific blueprint. Default: True

> * `Display style` - Can be either Catalog or table. The deployments status column is only available in list mode.  Default: table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Display style` - Defines how the blueprints list should be displayed. Can be either Catalog or Table. The deployments status column is only available in list mode.  Default: Table
```

> * `Show Composer options` - This options anables to show composer options in menu and in blueprint list. Default: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Show Composer options` - This options enables to show {{< param cfy_composer_name >}} options in menu and in the blueprints list. Default: false
```

* `Marketplace tabs` - Allow to edit tabs in Marketplace modal.

> * `Marketplace display style` - Can be either Catalog or table of market place modal.  Default: table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Marketplace display style` - Defines how the Blueprints Marketplace should be displayed. Can be either Catalog or Table.  Default: Table
```

> * `List of fields to show in the marketplace table` - Allow to change visible columns in the marketplace only in table mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `List of fields to show in the marketplace table` - Allow to change the list of visible columns in the Blueprint Marketplace. Works only when Marketplace display style is set to Table. Default: Name, Description.
```
